 QUESTION: 3 

Which two prevention techniques are used to mitigate SQL injection attacks? (Choose two)

    Check integer, float, or Boolean string parameters to ensure accurate values.
    Use prepared statements and parameterized queries.

QUESTION: 5 

Which two mechanisms are used to control phishing attacks? (Choose two)

    Enable browser alerts for fraudulent websites.
    Implement email filtering techniques.



 Question #6 

In which form of attack is alternate encoding, such as hexadecimal representation, most often observed?
    C. cross-site scripting Most Voted 
https://owasp.org/www-community/Double_Encoding

QUESTION: 7 

Which two preventive measures are used to control cross-site scripting? (Choose two)

    Enable client-side scripts on a per-domain basis.
    Incorporate contextual output encoding/escaping.

Question #9
 Which two behavioral patterns characterize a ping of death attack? (Choose two.)

    B. The attack is fragmented into groups of 8 octets before transmission. Most Voted
    D. Malformed packets are used to crash systems. Most Voted 

QUESTION: 10 
What is a language format designed to exchange threat intelligence that can be transported over the TAXII protocol?
    STIX
QUESTION: 11 

Which two capabilities does TAXII support? (Choose two)

    Exchange
    Pull messaging

QUESTION: 13 

Which PKI enrollment method allows the user to separate authentication and enrollment actions and also provides an option to specify HTTP/TFTP commands to perform file retrieval from the server?
    profile

QUESTION: 14 

There are four main types of rootkits: Kernel rootkits, User mode rootkits, Bootloader rootkits, Memory rootkits
    bootloader
    user mode

QUESTION: 16 
Which threat involves software being used to gain unauthorized access to a computer system?
    virus


QUESTION: 18 

Which two key and block sizes are valid for AES? (Choose two)
    128-bit block size, 192-bit key length
    128-bit block size, 256-bit key length

QUESTION: 19 

Which two descriptions of AES encryption are true? (Choose two)
    AES is more secure than 3DES.
    AES can use a 256-bit key for encryption.

QUESTION: 21 Exam Topic: 1, Exam Pool A

Elliptic curve cryptography is a stronger more efficient cryptography method meant to replace which current encryption technology?
    RSA

QUESTION: 22
What is the result of running the crypto isakmp key ciscXXXXXXXX address 172.16.0.0 command?
    authenticates the IKEv1 peers in the 172.16.0.0/16 range by using the key ciscXXXXXXXX


QUESTION: 23 Exam Topic: 1, Exam Pool A

Which technology must be used to implement secure VPN connectivity among company branches over a private IP cloud with any-to-any scalable connectivity?
    GET VPN

Cisco`s Group Encrypted Transport VPN (GETVPN) introduces the concept of a trusted group to eliminate point-to-point tunnels and their associated overlay routing. All group members (GMs) share a common security association (SA), also known as a group SA. This enables GMs to decrypt traffic that was encrypted by any other GM.
GETVPN provides instantaneous large-scale any-to-any IP connectivity using a group IPsec security paradigm.